
.\"  Copyright (c) 2016 Red Hat, Inc. <http://www.redhat.com>
.\"  This file is part of GlusterFS.
.\"
.\"  This file is licensed to you under your choice of the GNU Lesser
.\"  General Public License, version 3 or any later version (LGPLv3 or
.\"  later), or the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2), in all
.\"  cases as published by the Free Software Foundation.
.\"
.\"
.TH Gluster 8 "Gluster REST APIs command line utility" "13 April 2016" "Gluster Inc."
.SH NAME
glusterrest - Gluster REST APIs Console Manager (command line utility)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glusterrest
.I [commands] [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The Gluster REST APIs Console Manager is a command line utility for managing REST APIs configurations, applications. The command enables administrators to perform start, stop, restart REST services.
.SH COMMANDS

.SS "Commands"
.PP
.TP

\fB\ enable [-h] \fR
Enable REST Services in all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ disable [-h] \fR
Disable REST Services in all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ start [-h] \fR
Start REST Services in all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ stop [-h] \fR
Stop REST Services in all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ restart [-h] \fR
Restart REST Services in all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ reload [-h] \fR
Reload REST Services in all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ status [-h] \fR
Show status of REST Services from all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ app-add [-h] appid appsecret \fR
Creates new REST Application and sync to all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ app-reset [-h] appid appsecret \fR
Reset Application secret and sync to all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ app-del [-h] appid \fR
Delete Application and sync to all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ config-set [-h] name value \fR
Update configuration of REST Services in all peer nodes.
.TP
\fB\ config-get [-h] [--name NAME] \fR
Show configuration details of REST Services.
.TP
\fB\ config-reset [-h] [--name NAME] \fR
Reset configuration of REST Services. If name is not passed, all configurations will be reset.
.TP
\fB\ sync [-h] \fR
Sync applications and configuration details to all peer nodes from current node.
.TP

\fB\ --help \fR
Display the command options.
.TP

.fi
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
Copyright(c) 2016  Gluster, Inc.  <http://www.gluster.com>
